[WIP] Serverless configuration in a single page (#13574)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/ruby.md

The [Datadog Forwarder Lambda function][1] is required to ingest AWS Lambda traces, enhanced metrics, custom metrics, and logs.

## Installation

1. Install the Datadog Lambda Library

    The Datadog Lambda Library can be installed as a layer or a gem. For most functions, Datadog recommends installing the library as a layer. If your Lambda function is deployed as a container image, you must install the library as a gem.

    The minor version of the `datadog-lambda` gem always matches the layer version. For example, datadog-lambda v0.5.0 matches the content of layer version 5.

    - Option A: [Configure the layers][2] for your Lambda function using the ARN in the following format.

      ```
      # For regular regions
      arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Ruby2-7:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="ruby" >}}

      # For us-gov regions
      arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Ruby2-7:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="ruby" >}}
      ```

      Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region, such as `us-east-1`.

>     - Option B: If you cannot use the prebuilt Datadog Lambda layer, alternatively you can add the following to your Gemfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Option B: If you cannot use the prebuilt Datadog Lambda layer, you can add the following to your Gemfile as an alternative:
```

      Install `gcc`, `gmp-devel`, and `make` prior to running `bundle install` in your function’s Dockerfile to ensure that the native extensions can be successfully compiled.

      ```dockerfile
      FROM <base image>

      # assemble your container image

      RUN yum -y install gcc gmp-devel make
      RUN bundle config set path 'vendor/bundle'
      RUN bundle install
      ```

2. Configure your Lambda functions

    Enable Datadog APM and wrap your Lambda handler function using the wrapper provided by the Datadog Lambda library.

    ```ruby
    require 'datadog/lambda'

    Datadog::Lambda.configure_apm do |c|
    # Enable the instrumentation
    end

    def handler(event:, context:)
        Datadog::Lambda.wrap(event, context) do
            return { statusCode: 200, body: 'Hello World' }
        end
    end
    ```

3. Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder to log groups

    Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function to each of your function’s log groups to send metrics, traces and logs to Datadog.

    1. [Install the Datadog Forwarder if you haven't][1].
    2. [Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder to your function's log groups][3].

## What's next?

> - Congratulations! You can now view metrics, logs, and traces on the [Serverless Homepage][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now view metrics, logs, and traces on the [Serverless Homepage][4].
```

end
```

> For more information on custom metric submission, see [here][7]. For additional details on custom instrumentation, see the Datadog APM documentation for [custom instrumentation][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on custom metric submission, see [Serverless Custom Metrics][7]. For additional details on custom instrumentation, see the Datadog APM documentation for [custom instrumentation][8].
```
